hey how's it going guys this is Dave 2d
and this is my review of the ACS g7 5 -
so this is our flagship gaming laptop
right now it's 17 inches it's big it's
powerful and it's rocking a new design
theme that's very different from their
regular black and red let's take a look
so even the box that it comes in is
different from that red and black thing
that they usually have inside you get
the laptop AC adapter and pamphlets the
surface of the laptop is pretty unique
it's this pewter colored metal mixed
with some copper colored plastic accents
it distinguishes itself from the army of
red and black gaming laptops out there
the ROG logo in the middle has this
mirrored finish to it and there's some
plastic inserts beside it these all
light up orange when the screen turns on
on the bottom we have some rubber feet
venting a subwoofer and a little cool
plastic window where you can peer inside
the laptop you can't see much in there
but it's kind of neat and then we have
the super simple hatch that you can pop
open for upgrades the first thing
there's two empty RAM slots in here so
there's lots of room for more RAM is a
SATA Drive that you can upgrade and then
there's two em two PCIe slots lots of
storage options here it's a pretty heavy
device at 8.8 pounds so it's not exactly
your everyday carry there's a lot of
ports on the Left we have a pair of USB
3 ports a DVD Drive a deep SD card slot
and on the right we have audio ports
including a spit if out USB 3.1
Thunderbolt 3 2 more USB 3 ports a mini
DisplayPort
HDMI port and an Ethernet jack there's a
lot of ports on this thing build quality
seems ok there's a lot of plastic but
everything seems well built the hinge
feels sturdy and well made the screen
has a little bit of flex but it is a
pretty wide screen and the keyboard area
feels a little soft in some spots the
specs inside it's a sixth generation
skylake i7 running at 2.6 gigahertz 17
inch 1080p screen gtx 970m 16 gigs of
ram a one terabyte hard drive and 128
gigs of solid-state storage and it goes
for around $1,800 us opening it up on
the inside we have the same pewter and
copper theme going on
the keyboard area has this slight soft
touch rubber finish the keyboard is
really spacious having a 17 inch
footprint to work with is always nice so
a lot of gaming laptops have number pads
on the keyboard but they're often
squished together there isn't this
divide between the two segments but this
keyboard has it and it makes a big
difference it's very easy to adapt to
this keyboard shift the keys have a lot
of travel at 1.9 millimeters but the
stroke feels a little soft to me there
are some macro keys up top which you can
use to program some sweet stuff for
mmo's or some ridiculous combos in
Street Fighter it's pretty easy to
program and lastly there's a suppose of
30 key rollover
it definitely picks up more inputs than
a regular keyboard but I seriously can't
hit 30 keys at once and there's also
some back lighting which is hoping to be
like orange or even white but no it's
red again the trackpad is pretty good
there's lots of room to move around I
don't love the texture it's a little
slick but it is accurate and the cursor
doesn't skip around the physical buttons
are awesome they're very deliberate
clicks and this good activation pressure
overall a good trackpad the screen is a
17 inch 1080p IPS panel it's a matte
screen and it's a non touchscreen so
it's perfect for gamers it's bright
great contrast good viewing angles and
fair color accuracy it's better than the
screen on the GL 7 v 2 and I'd say
better than most 17-inch gaming laptops
I've seen the webcam up top looks like
this and the bezels are pretty big on
this laptop but that's just the way 17
inch laptops are the drives in here are
okay the right speed on the SSD isn't
the best because it's a small Samsung PM
951 but there's room for three drives
which is great for video editing and
recording or streaming games gaming
performance is a notice will step up
from a 960 mm so basically we're looking
at a 10 to 15% framerate increase in
most games it's not huge and for
lightweight games you'll hardly know as
a difference but moderately demanding
titles showcase the 970m a little bit
more you can usually maintain around 60
frames per second on medium graphics in
fallout 4
a 960m would drop to 50 frames per
second with these settings now very
demanding games like Witcher 3 played
pretty well on medium settings you can
get around 50 to 55 frames per second
playing it on high will get around 40 to
45 frames per second a welcome
improvement from the 960 mm across the
bored it also has g-sync which syncs up
your refresh rate of the panel with your
video card and it helps to smoothen out
screen tearing and stuff it's a nice
feature that helps with some overall
image quality but it doesn't improve
frame rates or anything like that if you
spend the time to program these macro
keys they're like hacks for some games I
love them these things should be banned
for everyone except for me
okay the speakers are pretty good
they're definitely one of the better
ones out there they're loud they're
clear and the bass is obviously present
the speakers are aimed at the user but
they have to project through the screen
so you lose some of the details of the
higher frequencies but it still sounds
really good for a gaming laptop fan
noise is around 30 decibels at idle it
never actually turns off but going
full-tilt it hovers around 40 decibels
temperatures also stay very reasonable I
think they could have reduced the fan
speed it's not a loud laptop but there's
some thermal Headroom right they could
have given us a quieter laptop the AC
adapter is 180 watts it's pretty beefy
and it takes around 2 hours to fully
charge up that 66 watt hour battery now
battery life is pretty poor it's a
power-hungry laptop to begin with and
that DVD drive doesn't help it just
takes up space that would otherwise be
used for battery cells so when I was
using this as a regular laptop just
doing some work I got around 3 hours of
battery life and that's what screen at
70 percent brightness and when I was
using it as a gaming laptop I got around
an hour of gameplay so it's usable in a
pinch but I wouldn't rely on battery
life as like my daily way of powering
this device ok the ACS g7 5 - it's a big
laptop with some very unique design
colors and accents reasonably well built
pretty heavy you get a 17 inch screen
that is bright and reasonably color
accurate the keyboard is spacious with a
decent typing experience the trackpad
and the physical buttons are both pretty
good on the inside the skylake core i7
is a very capable processor and it
bundles nicely with the gtx 970m
which is pretty powerful and has a 10 to
15 percent performance boost over the
960m it has g-sync and it's properly
cooled the 16 gigs of ram and the 3
drive bays are all easily accessed and
upgradable and all of this is powered by
a 66 watt hour battery that lasts around
3 hours of regular use
ok the ACS g7 5 2 is a big laptop that
was obviously designed for some powerful
gaming it's a strong performer but it
doesn't really stick out as like the
best
Mormons or the best value the best
performer probably the msi gt72
it's the same price but it's a slightly
strong performer and if you're looking
for the best value I'm thinking the ACS
g7 5-1 which is like the older version
of this it's a very similar performer
but it's older so it's slightly cheaper
but where this guy stands out is the
design aesthetic see every gaming laptop
out there is like black or red or black
and red but this one's not it's pewter
its copper and it looks very distinctly
different from anyone elses gaming
laptop so if that's something that
you're interested in this is a really
good option it's still a good laptop but
if you're looking for like the best
performer this is not the one that's the
end of this review hope you guys liked
it thumbs have you liked it subs have
you loved it it's been nice I'll see you
guys next time